Story Recapped here.
Today I'm going to explain a psychological
thriller film called Triangle.
Spoilers ahead!
Watch out and take care.
A tearful mother, Jess, hugs her son, Tommy,
to comfort him from a nightmare.
She tells him that she imagines being with
him to save her from nightmares.
In a sunny neighborhood, Jess prepares to
leave on a sailing trip with her son.
She cleans up paint that he spilled on the
floor but gets her dress dirty.
Someone rings the door, but she sees no one
outside.
With new clothes on, she prepares to leave
the house.
Stuck to her fridge is a note reminding her
to head to the Triangle Harbor.
Jess tries to calm her son down, who's throwing
a tantrum about a mess.
Jess picks him up and takes him to the car.
Waiting at the yacht is Jess's friend, Greg,
along with the married couple, Sally and Downey.
Sally introduces her friend Heather, whom
Greg wasn't expecting.
Greg spots Jess and Victor arrive.
Tommy is not with her.
Seeing Jess' troubled face, he checks in on
her.
She explains that she's simply tired, not
wanting to ruin the trip for everyone else.
Greg introduces Jess to everyone and gets
the boat ready to sail.
As the boat sails, Jess sleeps in the cabin,
dreaming of the beach.
She wakes up startled but she doesn't remember
her dream.
While navigating the boat, Victor explains
to Greg that he thought Jess was bringing
her son along, so he asked where Tommy was.
Jess couldn't answer him at first but finally
says that Tommy is at school.
But it's a Saturday, so there shouldn't be
any school open.
Greg informs Victor that Tommy goes to a special
needs school, which is open every day.
Heather and Jess come up from the cabin.
A seagull flies over the boat, making Greg
believe that it thinks they're a fishing boat
and is hoping to get food from them.
Greg encourages Jess to steer the yacht to
uplift her mood.
Heather and Sally gossip about the two.
Heather learned that Jess is a waitress and
has an autistic son.
Sally thinks that Jess might be using Greg.
Sally wanted to set Heather up with Greg.
Greg explains to Jess that Victor has been
living with him after running away from a
troubled home.
Downey and Sally are his friends from school,
who always try to set him up with someone.
Jess wonders if they think he's lonely.
Greg insists that he's not but reveals that
he intentionally visited Jess at the diner
the day before to invite her to sail.
Jess wonders how Greg feels about her.
Jess shares her guilt about leaving Tommy
behind, but Greg notes that feeling guilty
over having time for herself makes her a good
mother.
Suddenly, the wind stops, leaving the boat
immobile.
Downey points to a dark cloud hovering close
by.
The group watches the cloud, unsure of what
to do.
Greg radios the coast guard.
The coast guard reports that nothing odd is
showing up on their end despite the yacht's
condition.
The radio goes static then picks up the frequency
of a frightened woman's call for help.
Greg tries to communicate with the woman but
the transmission disconnects.
The storm reaches them, and hell breaks loose—Victor
and Greg attempt to get the boat to safety
while the guests hide in the cabin.
Greg grabs Jess, keeping her close as he steers.
Downey holds onto the other women but loses
his grip on Heather when another wave hits
the boat.
The boat capsizes just before the storm calms.
Greg and Victor help the others up the overturned
boat.
But they can't find Heather.
The clouds clear up, but still no sign of
Heather.
Downey comforts his tearful wife, who's worried
about her friend.
Greg assures Jess that Tommy will be looked
after until they return.
A large passenger ship looms over from the
distance.
The group is hopeful, calling the ship for
help.
But Jess watches it with suspicion.
Finally, the ship reaches them, and they climb
aboard.
On the ship, Jess finds something eerily familiar
about it.
Victor calls for anyone on board, but no one
answers.
Greg suggests heading to the bridge and talking
to the captain.
Sally hopes that Heather made it onboard the
ship as well.
The group goes in the promenade deck, still
seeing no signs of life.
The maze-like hallways confuse the group,
with Downey thinking they're walking in circles.
Jess shares with Greg that she feels like
she knows this place.
The others find photos of the ship, seeing
that it's been around since 1932.
They learn that the ship is named after the
Greek God of Wind, Aeolus, whose son, Sisyphus,
is punished for cheating death by spending
eternity pushing a boulder up a hill repeatedly.
Greg and Victor investigate a sound coming
from the end of the hallway.
Victor picks up a set of keys from the floor.
Jess recognizes that it's her keys, proving
so by showing a photo of her son amongst the
keychain, matching the one in her locket.
Sally believes it was Heather who got the
keys from the yacht and dropped them here.
At the ship's dining room, they see fresh
food laid out but still without anyone else
in sight.
Sally continues to call for Heather while
Victor enjoys the food.
Greg finally gets tired of Sally's yelling
and stops her.
Greg suggests that someone in the ship might
be tricking them.
He insists on continuing on to the bridge.
Jess slowly turns around, feeling that someone's
watching them.
She sees a glimpse of someone running out
of view and points it out to the others.
Victor runs ahead to give chase.
Back at the lounge, Sally wonders if Jess
saw Heather.
Greg decides to go to the bridge by himself,
telling them to wait for Victor.
Jess follows Greg, leaving the couple behind.
Jess worries about Victor, but Greg is tired
of how everyone is acting, arguing to Jess
that she's just in shock.
They stop as they hear noise from down the
hall.
Greg finds the cabin door where the noise
is coming from.
Inside the cabin's bathroom, there's a message
on the mirror, saying "Go To Theater," written
in red.
The message scares the two.
Meanwhile, Victor continues to hunt down the
person Jess saw earlier.
He hears loud sounds from afar and follows
outside.
Back to Jess and Greg, they find a map of
the ship.
Jess brings up that the writing was written
in blood.
Greg thinks it's just a joke, played by bored
crew members.
Jess is unconvinced, deciding to leave and
go back to the dining area.
Greg argues that her paranoia has her fabricating
her own little world in her mind.
Jess reminds him that her world is her son,
making him feel guilty.
Sally and Downey follow a trail of blood out
the deck.
Downey insists that they meet with the others
in the theater, but Sally points out that
the blood is heading there anyway.
They go to the theater, with Sally looking
around for more signs of blood.
Sally thought the blood was Heather's, but
Downey doubts Heather is even on the ship.
Jess reaches the dining room, but it's empty.
The previously fresh food on the table is
now rotting.
She hears a movement and hides.
An injured Victor enters and Jess goes to
his aid but is met with his hands around her
neck.
He tackles her to the floor.
Out of desperation, Jess finds a wound at
the back of his head and pushes it.
This causes Victor to collapse and release
her.
Worried, Jess checks on him, but a gunshot
diverts her attention.
Jess heads to the theater to investigate,
finding Sally and Downey cradling a bloodied
Greg.
As soon as Sally sees her, Sally accuses her
of firing at Greg.
But Jess was with Victor, who was also hurt.
Downey thinks that Jess also harmed Victor.
He tells her that Jess was the one who told
them to go to the theater, but she insists
that she didn't.
Sally gets hit in the chest by a bullet, and
Downey is hit on the back.
Jess sees the burlap-masked shooter on the
theater's upper deck, who continues to shoot
at the couple.
Downey dies just as Jess sees the shooter
retreat.
She tries to take Sally to safety, but the
shooter fires at Sally again, mortally wounding
her.
Jess runs for her life, reaching the engine
room to hide.
When the coast is clear, she runs to the kitchen
and grabs a knife for protection.
Jess hides behind a kitchen island when she
hears the shooter closing in.
The shooter peers into the kitchen but doesn't
see her and goes away.
Thinking it's safe, Jess heads out of the
kitchen and sees a sign to the boat deck.
Quickly, she goes out to the deck but is hit
on the head with the back of the gun.
The shooter comes forward as she begs for
her life.
When the shooter pulls the trigger, she diverts
the weapon away, missing her.
She fights back and slips out of the deck,
landing on the lower floor.
Jess runs with the shooter on her trail.
The gun jams, opting for the shooter to throw
it at her as she climbs over the rails to
the front of the ship.
Jess stumbles down but gets back on her feet
quickly.
Running to the back of the ship, she spots
an ax.
To mislead the shooter, she throws a broken
valve across the deck but runs back to the
front.
She stops, sensing danger.
Jess swings the ax at her pursuer, who attempts
to hit her with a crowbar.
Jess gets the upper hand, evading the crowbar
and shoving her opponent.
Jess corners her opponent, who is stammering
as she backed away from her.
Jess interrogates her, realizing it's a woman.
She repeatedly tells Jess that the only way
out is to "kill them."
Jess swings the ax at the woman, causing her
to fall.
Jess watches the woman disappear into the
water.
Relieved that it's over, Jess catches her
breath.
She hears music from inside the nearby cabin
and finds a gramophone.
Jess inspects her injuries when she hears
yelling from outside.
On the ocean, she sees Greg's overturned yacht,
with Greg, Sally, Victor, Downey, and herself
alive and calling the ship.
Confused, Jess backs away, bumping onto the
gramophone, which starts playing again.
She hears the others, now climbing on board
the ship.
She follows them into the promenade deck,
hiding behind the walls as the others look
around.
Jess overhears the same conversations as earlier.
While the others are talking about Sisyphus,
Jess peeks and sees her other self look back,
nearly spotting her.
At her wit's end, Jess sinks into the floor
when her keys drop from her pocket.
Realizing the others heard her, Jess runs
away.
She finds an empty corridor and hides.
Jess continues to wander, hearing Sally yell
for Heather at the dining room.
The new Jess looks back and spots her from
the mirror, just before she runs off.
The original Jess runs back to the deck and
sees Downey's body in the water, feasted upon
by seagulls.
Jess hears Victor coming, and she gets an
idea.
When Victor sees her, Jess explains what happened
to her, telling him the one they're with is
a copy of her.
She tries to show him the dead body in the
water, but it's no longer there.
Jess desperately tries to convince Victor,
but he doesn't believe her.
He tries to go away, but she pushes him while
rambling on, accidentally slamming his head
against a hook on the wall.
Victor pulls away, bearing a wound at the
back of his head.
Horrified, Jess runs away, narrowly avoiding
the new Jess and Greg.
Greg's previous argument that things were
all in her mind runs through her head, driving
Jess into confusion.
She ends up in the crew's locker room where
she finds papers scattered all around.
She reads them, seeing that they all say the
same thing in her own handwriting: to kill
them all if they board the ship.
She opens the lockers for more clues until
she finds a row of overalls, similar to what
the previous shooter was wearing.
The previous shooter's ramblings play in her
mind, clearer than before.
Jess finds a row of shotguns as the voice
repeatedly tells her to get rid of the others
to escape.
She takes one of the guns, facing the mirror,
confused about what to do.
Finally, she breaks down in hopelessness.
Something catches her eye from the grated
floor, and she picks up another locket, the
same one she is wearing.
Dozens of the same locket are under the floor,
with the one around her neck snagging between
the cracks and falling into the pile.
Jess has been in this exact same scenario
multiple times.
Remembering her son, Jess finds the urge to
escape.
She grabs a burlap sack and gathers shotgun
rounds.
The new group continues their journey, with
Sally, Downey, and Greg heading to the theater
and the injured Victor wandering around.
Jess comes across the new Victor, who is alarmed
to see the shotgun in her hand.
Jess tells him that she didn't mean to hurt
him and wants to get them out of the ship.
The new Jess walks into the lounge, looking
for Sally.
Jess hides while Victor meets up with the
new Jess.
Breaking the pattern, the original Jess reveals
herself to the other her, confusing both the
new Victor and new Jess.
She aims her gun at the new Jess, repeating
that she's not really her.
Jess musters up the courage to shoot her own
self but can't, letting the new Jess escape.
Jess turns to Victor, promising him that they
will all escape together.
A gunshot distracts Jess.
She goes to the theater, knowing what will
happen.
She pushes Sally and Downey out of the way
when the shooter fires at them.
She helps the couple escape the theater, explaining
that they can escape if they change the pattern.
Downey demands a better explanation, but Jess
insists on hurrying.
She gives him the shotgun, telling them to
wait while Jess retrieves Victor.
Jess comes back to the dining area, but Victor
is gone.
She follows a trail of blood and sees it stop
at the edge of the deck.
Victor had fallen into the water.
Downey fires the gun at someone in the distance.
It's the shooter with the burlap sack.
She takes the mask off, revealing that she's
another Jess with blood on her face.
The shooter Jess tells the couple that Victor
fell to the side of the boat.
Downey asks if she pushed him.
She says they can't prove if she did, but
they need to follow her to survive.
The original Jess gets back inside, calling
out to Downey.
Out in the deck with Downey and Sally, the
shooter Jess insists on ignoring the other
one's calls.
Shooter Jess gets the couple inside a bedroom,
where she stabs them.
Sally escapes, and the original Jess chases
after her.
Sally doesn't stop, thinking that it was her
who stabbed them.
Sally hides in the engine room, avoiding the
original Jess.
She finds a control room and sends out a distress
call, begging for help.
As Sally leaves the room, Greg's voice is
heard from the speakers.
Sally's call was the one Greg and Jess heard
before the storm hit.
Tracking down Sally, Jess hears Greg on the
radio.
She tries to communicate with him, but the
line disconnects.
Jess continues her search for Sally, who's
crying on the upper deck at the front of the
boat.
Sally has crawled into where the rest of her
old selves were disposed of, horrified at
the sight.
Jess carefully walks to her, but Sally is
scared.
Jess reassures her that she's not the same
Jess that hurt her and Downey.
The ruckus at the bottom deck alerts Jess.
She sees the new Jess fighting the shooter
Jess before throwing the shooter off the ship.
Jess goes back to Sally, telling her to hold
on as the yacht will come back to repeat the
loop.
She promises that they can escape once it
does, but Sally succumbs to her wounds and
dies.
When Sally dies, Jess hears the new group
calling for help.
Realizing that the time repeats after everyone
dies, she starts to formulate an idea.
Jess runs down the deck, seeing the overturned
yacht getting far.
She climbs down the engine room and tries
to stop the ship from getting too far from
the yacht, but to no avail.
Jess goes back to the deck and hears the second
Jess recount what happened to the newest Victor.
The second Jess runs away after accidentally
wounding Victor, allowing the original one
to tell him that she can save him.
She goes to the bedroom where Downey was stabbed
by the previous shooter, seeing that he lived
long enough to write her name with his blood
on the mirror.
She changes the message, writing "go to theater"
in the mirror.
Jess pushes Downey's and Greg's bodies off
the ship.
In the dining area, Jess tells the newest
versions of Sally and Downey to go to the
theater.
Now that she has set up everything from the
first loop in motion, Jess disguises herself
as the new shooter, hiding her face in a burlap
sack.
Jess follows the newest Greg to the theater's
balcony.
He turns around to see her aiming the gun
at him.
Greg attempts to negotiate with her, saying
that he and the rest will just leave.
But Greg recognizes Jess's sandals, realizing
who she is.
Jess reveals her plan to fulfill the conditions
of the first loop to start another one, but
this time, she will wait for them and prevent
them from getting on the ship.
Greg promises they'll do whatever she wants,
but Jess simply apologizes and fires the gun
on him.
Greg drops to the seats below, alarming Sally
and Downey.
Jess hides away, listening to the couple argue
with the newest Jess, who just arrived.
Jess starts firing again, fulfilling the tragedy
from earlier.
Jess chases after the newest version of herself
down to the engine room.
Jess reaches this third Jess at the deck and
hits her on the head.
The third Jess begs for her life again, making
her hesitate.
As it happened in the first loop, her hesitation
allows the third Jess to escape.
Jess's shotgun jams, so she throws it at her
new self.
The third Jess grabs the ax and attempts to
mislead her.
The original Jess grabs the crowbar and the
two fight.
The third Jess evades her attacks, disarming
and cornering her on the edge of the ship.
The original Jess tells the other to kill
the next group before they get on the ship.
The new Jess swings her ax, causing the original
Jess to fall in the water.
The original Jess wakes up by the beach, the
same one she saw in her dream at the yacht.
Jess looks around, trying to make sense of
what happened.
Jess makes her way to her house, relieved
that she has escaped.
Carefully, she looks into the window, seeing
her son painting.
Her joy is halted when she hears her own voice.
Hiding behind the bush, she sees another Jess
gathering clothes and a toy ship from the
backyard.
She looks into the window again, seeing herself
yell at her son for leaving the toy.
Tommy sees her from the window and accidentally
spills the paint on the floor.
Jess cries, listening to herself slap and
yell at Tommy for making a mess.
While the Jess at home cleans up the paint,
the original Jess rings the doorbell to distract
her.
Jess walks around the backyard and grabs a
hammer from the shed before going into the
house.
Without hesitation, Jess slams the hammer
on the new Jess's head.
She turns to find that Tommy has seen the
event.
She embraces her son and convinces him that
what he saw is just a bad dream.
Jess puts the body in the trunk of the car,
taking the locket she lost and drives away
with Tommy.
Jess promises her son that she will no longer
yell at or hit him.
She stops when blood splatters on the windshield.
Jess checks and sees a dead seagull on the
street.
She picks up the seagull to throw it away,
but she sees more dead seagulls on the shore
below.
Confused, she rushes back to the car and drives
away.
Tommy cries at the backseat, scared of the
blood on the windshield.
His cries distract Jess, causing her to hit
the side of a truck.
The car flips and crashes.
Passerbys find Jess's body that was previously
hidden in the trunk, and Tommy, dying from
his injuries.
The original Jess stares blankly at the tragedy.
A taxi driver walks up to her.
He points out that nothing can be done to
bring the boy in the accident back.
This gives Jess an idea.
She tells the driver to take her to the harbor.
Back at the harbor, Jess meets up with Victor.
With her memory fading, Jess forgets who he
is, so Victor introduces himself and walks
her to the yacht.
When he asks about Tommy, she tells him that
he's at school.
Greg meets them by the yacht, and Jess hugs
him, apologizing.
When Greg tells her she doesn't have to come,
Jess insists that she wants to go sailing,
hoping to start another loop where she can
be reunited with her son.